Phase 1. Implementation for RFC-0005: Scalar function stats propagation. (#23545)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/properties.rst

Enable treating ``LOW`` confidence, zero estimations as ``UNKNOWN`` during joins. This can also be specified
on a per-query basis using the ``treat-low-confidence-zero-estimation-as-unknown`` session property.

``optimizer.scalar-function-stats-propagation-enabled``

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
The formatting should be the same number of characters as the characters in the line being formatted.

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

> Enable scalar functions stats propagation via annotations. Annotations `@ScalarFunctionConstantStats` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable scalar functions stats propagation via annotations. Annotations ``@ScalarFunctionConstantStats`` and
```

> Enable scalar functions stats propagation via annotations. Annotations ``@ScalarFunctionConstantStats`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable scalar functions stats propagation using annotations. Annotations ``@ScalarFunctionConstantStats`` and
```

> ``@ScalarPropagateSourceStats`` define the behavior of the scalar function stats characteristics. 

Author: Currently, this is only supported for builtin functions. In a subsequent PR, both will be added the support as well as supporting documentation.

> `@ScalarPropagateSourceStats` will define the behavior of the scalar function stats characteristics. This flag or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``@ScalarPropagateSourceStats`` define the behavior of the scalar function stats characteristics. 
```

> When set to true, this property enables the stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to ``true``, this property enables the stats
```

> the session property `scalar_function_stats_propagation_enabled` when set to true will enable the stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to true, this property enables the stats
```

> propagation via annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
propagation through annotations. This can also be specified on a per-query basis using the ``scalar_function_stats_propagation_enabled`` session property.
```
Avoid using Latin terms and expressions such as via. For discussion and alternate suggestions see the Gitlab documentation style guide [recommended word list entry for via](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#via). 

Also revised the mention of the session property for consistency with the rest of the page.

Enable treating ``LOW`` confidence, zero estimations as ``UNKNOWN`` during joins. This can also be specified
on a per-query basis using the ``treat-low-confidence-zero-estimation-as-unknown`` session property.

``optimizer.scalar-function-stats-propagation-enabled``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

> Enable scalar functions stats propagation using annotations. Annotations define the behavior of the scalar
> function's stats characteristics. When set to ``true``, this property enables the stats propagation through annotations.
> This can also be specified on a per-query basis using the ``scalar_function_stats_propagation_enabled`` session property.

Reviewer 2: I think this is better than before. However, users still shouldn't know/care that a function is annotated or even that annotations exist. It is an implementation detail. How about:
```suggestion
When set to ``true``, this property enables statistics to be propagated from function arguments to higher level expressions. When set to ``false`` any function calls result in unknown statistics which can negatively impact query planning.
This can also be specified on a per-query basis using the ``scalar_function_stats_propagation_enabled`` session property.
```
